local government will allow for the most
consensus and will allow us to prevent
coercion that occurs when large
centralized states have power over
sprawling populations
aside from abolishing the police prisons
will also be abolished rather than ship
depots class enemies off to inhumane GU
lags or otherwise seek out revenge they
should be placed in reform centers where
they are able to live in comfort and
benefit from counseling and education no
need for money teaching them about the
benefits of our new society some may
never be willing to give up their abuses
and these diehard oppressors would need
to be secluded perhaps indefinitely but
how would individuals and communes be
able to self-organize well the same way
corporations do it today by contract no
need for money at the individual level
as soon as someone joins a commune the
first thing they'll do is put together a
contract with their communes this
contract will stipulate what the
communities to provide with a new member
food clothing shelter and so on and will
outline their responsibilities the new
communities to take on for the commune
the individual will will agree to
contribute to the communal labor that is
required to keep society functioning say
there's a small town consisting of about
10 communes roughly a hundred thousand
people let's call it bread town the
communes of bread town could work out a
cooperative contract to build and
maintain a bus system for example each
commune would provide certain resources
or personnel in exchange for enjoying
access to the bus lines note that using
this system there's simply no need for
money money would be totally obsolete in
a contract based anarchist economy the
same way corporations do it today by
contract no need for money by contract
coercion by contract no need for money
council members will be chosen at random
say every three months or so aside from
abolishing the police prisons will also
be abolished the same way corporations
do it today prison prison cuisine
perhaps indefinitely no need for money
the individual will agree to contribute
to the communal labor placed in reform
centers teaching them about the benefits
of our new society coercion no need for
money
this is a video about
political philosophy so you're gonna
have to excuse me if I get just slightly
philosophical about it if you believe in
a given destination in politics I dare
not say utopia but there's some
objective if there's some outcome you
want to achieve I'd invite you to
challenge yourself are you really
comfortable with the steps along the way
that lead to that destination are you
comfortable with the incremental and
imperfect changes that would be
necessary between now and then or do you
just believe in the ideal in an abstract
and isolated way do you maybe feel
uncomfortable when you start to look at
the process that would lead to that
ideal if so there's something for you to
examine there there's some kind of
contradiction within yourself that you
still need to learn from when you talk
to right-wing anarchists when you talk
to anarcho-capitalists for example they
believe in a kind of utopian ideal
destination and they feel no sense of
contradiction it men agreeing to the
truly horrible series of steps that are
necessary on the way to that destination
so when you talk to an Urkel capitalists
right right-wing anarchists they won't
hesitate to say that they would be happy
to see medical care abolished like any
government involvement with providing
free medical care for the poor free
prescription drug support they're happy
to get rid of them even though of course
it'll make our society more unequal it
will make life worse for the poor
especially makes life worse worse for
the rich - when you really think about
it um but they believe in this principle
of wanting to have small government or
no government at all so each of the
incremental things they can do shrinking
and abolishing government long way
they're happy with that of course this
leads to innumerable absurdities but we
can say at least they're consistent when
you talk to a narc okay
to us and you say hey look man are you
really happy to live in a society where
there is no sewage system because you
abolished the government role in
providing sewage and the government role
in coercing people into obeying the laws
concerning sewage to make the whole
sewage system workers yes yes y'all it's
all involves authoritarianism and
coercion otherwise people get cholera
and they don't have clean running water
coming out of their taps and dirty water
all go into the same sewage treatment
plant and taxes collected to pay for the
treatment the beauty of top-down unequal
not anarchist government those guys the
right-wing anarchists the integral
capitalists and someone they will
without hesitation say yes they would
prefer to live in a country or in a
situation where individuals just have to
cope with their own sewage somehow even
if I guess that's gonna mean a lot of
people going around with wheelbarrows
full of sewage and this kind of thing
they approve on each of those steps
along the way no matter how absurd
because they believe in that
consistently leading up that destination
now in most of those discussions I don't
even feel the need to refute the other
side I just feel that if the
conversation illustrates what their
position is almost nobody is going to
support their political movement and
therefore their political movement
ceases to be dangerous the left-wing
anarchists the anarchic communists are
much more dangerous and they're much
more self contradictory what they
present you with again and again is the
illusion of a highly organized highly
centralized socialist society with
incredibly generous benefits for the
poor with every possible social service
the people the people they refuse to
call the police do all the work the
police do and more they have unlimited
patience and care and love and
tenderness to take care of drug addicts
and yet absolutely no use of coercion or
violence against drug addicts it's just
this you know infinite budget in
caring infinitely patient centralized
communist state but they don't call it a
communist centralized state they try to
convince themselves that it's not
communist at all because it's
anarcho-communism and that it's not a
state at all that it's not a government
at all simply through the changing of
names said oh no no no that's not that's
not a government that's a People's
Council oh no these aren't police
officers they're just the
representatives of the People's Council
and this kind of thing it's really that
stupid but moreover if you can sit down
with one of those people and talk to
them one on one they will never be able
to accept the sequence of steps leading
to the destination that the
right-wingers that the
anarcho-capitalists are going to set if
you confront them with these same things
look if you genuinely believe that
government authority is a bad thing then
you must believe that the government
providing health care to the poor is a
bad thing you must believe that the
government providing education to the
poor is a bad thing think about what
will happen if you abolish the role of
government in education all right yes
there's a critique of government
education there's good and bad to be
said about it but think about the
unbelievable disadvantage you're putting
all people in society at when you remove
the role of government not just in
providing access to education for the
poor but in providing an equal unbiased
non-racist education no on a religious
education education that isn't run by
the Catholic Church or by a Muslim
organization this is a huge fundamental
role in shaping our society and if you
as a so-called left-wing anarchist if
you as an integral communist are against
that you must be in favor of abolishing
that system you can't just promise me
that in your eventual utopia somehow the
goodness of human nature is going to
provide a decentralized alternative
that's way better if you're not really
at peace with this series of steps
leading to that destination you need to
really re-examine your ideological
belief in the destination I think that
the most sincere and most authentic
anarchists are the Antico primitive ESTs
the integral primitive is take the
position
authority in society is bad and that
they would therefore prefer to revert to
like Bronze Age conditions but just
barbarism just people living out of
caves black basically no technology
whatsoever some of them even want to get
rid of farming they think you should go
back all the way into the Stone Age just
hunting and gathering because as soon as
you get into large-scale farming even
with no technology even with just stone
tools then you start having centralized
Authority you start having little
nations and tribes and would have no so
they're their ideal Society is just
small basically isolated families living
in caves and huts scattered around the
surface of planet Earth so this is
setting back the clock tens of thousands
of years so those guys are logically
consistent they want that destination so
if you ask them hey do you want to get
rid of the sewage system do you want to
get rid of education do you want to get
rid of the role of government coercion
in preventing racism and Prejudice they
want to get rid of all of it and they
are willing to accept the consequence
that they'll return to having a society
where people die of Cholera where
there's no clean running water there's
no way to take a shower where we go back
to a state of nature red in tooth and
fang it's logically consistent but again
there's almost no need to debate it or
refute it because if you just let them
explain that ideology in its own terms
incredibly few people will ever support
it voices here on youtube like
non-compete they are dangerous they are
gonna ruin people's lives as much as I
can say and remember this channel I've
criticized a wide range of EDHEC for
okay in as much as any political
ideology is gonna ruin people's lives in
the next 20 years
the ideology non-compete is presenting
is going to ruin people's lives but
worse than that it's gonna train people
to live in a constant state of
dishonesty with themselves and others
the contradictions within that ideology
are obvious to an outsider but the
people within the ideology are oblivious
to the contradiction
the purpose of an ideology is not to be
perfect its to provide people with a
clear sense of the destination they're
working towards and what type of means
they will and will not employ but in the
case of left-wing anarchism in the case
of anarcho-communism all three are bad
the destination the means and worst of
all the kind of excuses and
self-deception people have to make with
themselves in order to believe that
there's any consistency between the
socialist utopia they believe in and the
abolition of the government itself as a
means to that end I mean really people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know
you